Create Style Guide (#77)
purduehackers/evergreen: meta/style-guide/README.md

# Evergreen Style Guide

This document serves to provide a set of guidelines for how to write good
documentation for Evergreen. This guide is less focused on the content and
more focused on the style and structure of the documentation.

## People

Whenever referring to someone in Evergreen, if they are a member of our
team and have an entry in [purduehackers/dark-forest](https://github.com/purduehackers/dark-forest)
then you should ALWAYS use the following format to refer to them:

✅ Correct

```markdown

> [@rayhanadev](https://github.com/purduehackers/dark-forest/blob/main/people/organizers/rayhanadev.md)

Reviewer: it's not abundantly clear from this where i get this username. should mention explicitly that the username should be pulled from dark-forest

```

You should never not link to someone in dark-forest if they have an entry there
and you should never refer to someone by a handle besides their dark-forest
handle.

❌ Incorrect

```markdown
@rayhanadev
@someotherhandleforray
[Ray](https://github.com/purduehackers/dark-forest/blob/main/people/organizers/rayhanadev.md)
```

## Linking

When linking to other pages in the Evergreen documentation, you should always
use absolute links from the root of the repository. This is to ensure that
links do not break _toooooo_ hard when the documentation is moved around.

✅ Correct

```markdown
[Hack Bishops](/meta/structure/bishops.md)
```

❌ Incorrect

```markdown
[Hack Bishops](../structure/bishops.md)
[Hack Bishops](structure/bishops.md)
```

You should also always use the title of the page as the text for the link
if it is a page in the Evergreen documentation.

✅ Correct

```markdown
[Hack Bishops](/meta/structure/bishops.md)
```

❌ Incorrect

```markdown
[The Bishops Page](/meta/structure/bishops.md)
```

## Files and Folders

> As long as it generally makes sense, you should always feel free to create
> new files and folders in the Evergreen repository. Some general tips for when
> to create new files and folders:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As long as it generally makes sense, you should always feel free to create
new files and folders in the Evergreen repository. Some tips for when
to create new files and folders:
```

pedantic nit but you're using "generally" too much :P

- If a page is getting too long, consider splitting it into multiple pages
- If a page is getting too complex, consider splitting it into multiple pages
- If aspects of a page can stand alone, consider splitting them into multiple pages
- If you are working on a project, consider creating a folder for that project

✅ Correct

```plaintext
/meta/structure/bishops.md
/meta/structure/divisons.md
/meta/structure/hierarchy.md
/meta/structure/roles.md
```

❌ Incorrect

```plaintext
/meta/structure.md
/meta/roles-and-divisons.md

> ```

Reviewer: This example is not communicated well in the above text. The above text says "feel free to create files, but split them out if they're too complex." The "feel free to create files" part confuses the rule. I think this rule should be simplified to something like: "Keep each page focused to one topic; do not make a file too broad or cover more than one specific topic"

## README.md vs Other Files

> It is generally recommended to use `<project-name>/README.md` when creating a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use `<project-name>/README.md` when creating a
```

new project in Evergreen vs. adding a `<project-name>.md` file. This is because
the README file is the first file that is displayed when you navigate to a

> folder in GitHub and it is generally the first file that people will look at

Reviewer: ```suggestion
folder in GitHub and it is the first file that people will look at
```

when they are looking at a project.

You should create `<item>.md` files within a specific project folder for more
topics that are related to that project. A good example of this is the [Hack Night](/events/hack-night/README.md)
folder in the Evergreen repository.

✅ Correct

```plaintext
events/hack-night
├── README.md
├── attendance.md
├── badges.md
└── circles
   ├── README.md
   ├── data-science.md
   └── systems.md
```

❌ Incorrect

```plaintext
events
└── hack-night.md

events/hack-night
├── hack-night.md
└── circles
   └── circles.md

> ```

Reviewer: These examples having slightly different file trees confuses the example. The point of this example is to enforce `README.md` over `item.md`, so the trees should be at parity in every way except for this.

## Attribution

> You should never write an attribution in Evergreen. This philosophy is because
> we use Git/Github to track changes to the documentation and it is easy to see
> who wrote what and when and get a clearer picture of the document's history.
> Adding an attribution to a page is redundant and adds complexity to what needs
> to be updated in documentation, therefore it is preferred that you do not add
> attributions to pages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Do not write an attribution to an Evergreen document. We use Git/GitHub to track changes, including attribution. Adding your own attribution to a page is redundant and adds complexity.
```

✅ Correct

```markdown
# Hack Bishops
```

❌ Incorrect

```markdown
# Hack Bishops

Written by @rayhanadev
Last updated by @rayhanadev
```

## Images

When adding images to the Evergreen documentation, you should always add them
to a folder relative to the project. For example, if you are adding an image to
the [Hack Night](/events/hack-night/README.md) folder, you should add the image

> to the `events/hack-night/images` folder, even if a subfolder is using the image.

Reviewer: The wording on this is confusing and creates lots of questions. What does "project" mean and what if you're not adding documentation for a project?

The subfolder part is confusing to me too. Where exactly should the image be added? What is considered a subfolder and not?

I think it's also worth adding more correct/incorrect examples to this rule's examples.
